With some quick thinking and fa,
Goku thwarts Ginyu's scheme.
Then, as Goku's injured body he,
Kuririn and the others successfy
summon Super Shen Long.
"An Enraged Freeza Closes In!
Polunga... Grant Our Wishes!"
H-H-He's huge!
And he has a different shape
than Earth's Shen Long.
Th-That's Shen... Long...?
He's called "Polunga" here.
It means "God of Dreams."
This is the first time I've see.
Oh, it looks like their wishes
are about to be granted!
All right!
At last, we'll be brought back .
Good for you, Ten- san !
Thou who hast gathered the Drag,
now, speak forth thy wishes.
I shall grant thee any three wis
that are within my capacity.
A-Awesome! He really does grant!
That's the homeland's Shen Long
for you! Nice and generous!
W-What do we do? We have three !
Y-Your wishes, quickly!
Freeza or Vegeta could be...
A-Ah, r-right!
First, ask him to bring back
to life all of the people on Eah
who were killed by the Saiyans.
R-Right, understood!
Bandappulula lutemilar
fanpalitsu pumelett hero
lunchelo itachikonchipa
pontelo lupiche !
I cannot grant that wish.
I am able to bring only one
person back to life at a time.
O-Oh, no!
Apparently, they can only bring
one of you back to life at a ti.
O-One at a time?!
Now then, speak thy wishes.
I shall grant thee any three wis
that are within my capacity.
W-Within his capacity?
H-Hurry! We'll be in real troube
if Vegeta or Freeza finds us!
What do we do? We can only
bring back one person per wish!
Th-This is a tough one.
Who exactly should we ask for?
Damn it! For the homeland's She,
that's not very generous.
Kaio, I'm begging you!
You want to speak to Goku's son?
What are you planning, Piccolo?
Hurry it up, I beg you!
A-All right, you got it. Place r
hand on my shoulder and speak.
Gohan! Do you hear me?! It's me!
Gohan!
Gohan!!
Answer me, Gohan! It's me, Picc!
P-Piccolo?! It couldn't be!
Where are you, Piccolo- san ?
I'm speaking directly into
your hearts through Kaio.
Don't drop my honorific.
Call me Kaio- sama ! Kaio- sama!
I-Into our hearts?
I know that you can have three ,
but you can only have one person
brought back to life per wish!
Listen closely! With your
first wish, bring me back to li!
--Hold on!
--We won't let you get away wit!
Shut up!
Listen up. Once I'm back to lif,
Kami will come back to life, to.
Once that happens, the Dragon
Balls on Earth will return,
and the others here can then
be brought back to life, too!
That's right! I didn't think of!
U-Understood, Piccolo- san !
I get it. So that's the idea.
--Nice thinking.
--Piccolo, you're amazing!
And now, I'll tell you the seco.
Have me... Once I'm resurrected,
have me sent to Planet Namek,
where you guys are!
I... I want to fight!
Against that bastard Freeza,
who killed those who are my peo,
there in the land of my birth!
What are you saying, Piccolo?!
I've gained a lot more strength!
I will defeat him for sure, jus!
Summon me to that planet! Got i!
A-All right, Piccolo- san !
I'm counting on you. Do whatever
you want with the third wish.
Right! Piccolo- san , once you
get here, I'll really be happy!
See here, Piccolo!
Have you forgotten your promise!
You said you would never fight !
What can I say? I don't
remember any such promise.
What did you say?!
Unfortunately, I have a poor me.
Why, you...!
--Now, now, Kaio- sama ...
--Calm down a little bit.
--Let me go! How dare you peopl?
--Please, take it nice and easy.
I don't know who this punk is,
but I, Piccolo, will defeat him!
You guys don't have any idea
how fearsome Freeza is!
Now let me go! I can't talk
to you like this, you know!
All right!
Let's get those two wishes gran!
--Right!
--Dende!
Y-Yes?
Ask him to bring the Namekian n,
who was on Earth, back to life!
P-Piccolo- san , you say? All r!
Piccolo-san is about to come ba.
W-What's that?! Something's app!
A tremendous battle power!
F-Freeza!
It will take several more minuts
before Kakarrot is back in acti.
It will be a real pain if Freez.
Damn it, I have a bad feeling a!
What?!
W-What's going on here?! It's n!
What the...? There's not supposd
to be any night on this world!
W-Why is the sky so dark?!
I-Is this...?
I-It couldn't be!
It couldn't be... It couldn't b.
It couldn't be!
Tetorapto potto Piccolo pupimelo
partola temolimpe
cooli coopasu puyaccliguo
wotoku holakusa pelopuppo !
Very well.
I shall grant thy first wish.
Oh, crap! The Dragon Balls are !
Damn it! Kakarrot's son is gone!
Why, that dirty little brat!
What is that monster?
Is that monster the dragon of te
Dragon Balls that they mentione!
Damn it! Those dirty brats got !
They'll pay for this!!
Th-This is bad. That Freeza basd
is also coming up on them!
There are four life signs.
I've finally found you!
Just you wait, you inferior lif!
Ah, it vanished!
Good!
I'm alive again! Now, for the n!
I'm counting on you, Gohan!
I don't care anymore!
I really don't care anymore!
Hold it! Hold it, hold it!
K-Kami- sama ...!
Piccolo, you rascal!
That was some smart thinking.
Popo, thanks for keeping
an eye on things here.
Thank goodness! Kami- sama ,
so happy you come back to life!
Thy first wish is granted.
Now, speak forth thy second wis.
Our second wish is to please wa,
who we just had brought back
to life, here to Planet Namek!
R-Right!
Dende, make it fast! Vegeta has!
R-Right! Telmopara accoloru
tsuteno lipilo Piccoloru
magake tapaccoloru !
That is an easily granted wish.
I shall grant thy second wish.
That miserable fool!
Thy second wish has been grante.
Now, speak forth thy final wish.
It's been granted? But Piccolo ?
Where are you, Piccolo- san ?!
Y-You just said to please
bring him to this world,
so he has to be here somewhere.
Y-You wanted him to come here ?
O-Oh, no!
W-What do we do? Use the
third wish to bring him here, o.
V-Vegeta!
I knew it... I knew that's what!
How dare you?! How dare you pull
the rug out from under Vegeta?!
You will pay for this!
You fools! You've wasted the one
means by which we can defeat Fr!
The only way to beat him
was to make me immortal!
You filthy pieces of scum!
Wait! We've only had two wishes!
There's still one more wish
that can be granted!
You idiot! Don't tell him that!
I'm relieved to hear that.
What is that column of light?
The life sign readings are
coming from there, too.
N-No way! They can't be using
the Dragon Balls to get their w!
What is thy third wish?
Okay, make me immortal! Do it n!
You little brat!
Don't you understand
what I mean by "do it now"?!
Dende!
Hurry it up! Freeza is already !
I can't breathe!
I-If that wish gets granted...
But we don't have any choice bu!
It will take a while longer
for Father's injuries to heal.
So this is my homeland...
Planet Namek, huh?
I see. It feels strangely famil.
Is it the Namekian blood that fe
that is making me feel like thi?
Whoa, this is no time to be
caught up in my emotions.
I have to find Gohan and the ot.
Damn it, where are they?!
It doesn't look like they're an.
W-What's that?!
I sense a ridiculously huge Ki !
I-Is it that "Freeza" monster?
There are three other Ki near h.
It's Gohan and the others!
All right, just sit tight, Goha!
Hast thou thy third wish yet? S.
What are you waiting for?! Tell!
Make me immortal, right this in!
Do you want to be killed by Fre!
K-Kuririn- san ! Freeza is almo!
At this point, it's all-or-noth!
Dende! Let him have his wish gr!
V-Vegeta may be incredibly evil,
but he's still better than Free!
I hate to say it, but right now,
there's no other way out of thi!
U-Understood...
All right. That's better.
Okay, do it now.
R-Right.
--Stop stalling!
--R-Right!
Good! Now Freeza won't be able !
Even if I can't beat him now,
as long as I keep laying into h,
I'm sure to defeat him before t!
P-Papritto ...
Here it comes!
The moment when I, Vegeta,
will rule the universe, is here!
Papritto ...
... Vegeta capolasuyo ...
... pelnettolu ...
W-What's going on?!
W-What happened?!
Why did the dragon disappear,
and the sky turn bright again?!
Why did the Dragon Balls turn t!
Th-The Grand Elder has...
--Dende...
--The Grand Elder has...
...passed away.
Y-You're kidding...
The Grand Elder, the one who
created the Dragon Balls,
has reached the end of his life.
W-What did you say?! You filthy!
What about me?! What about my i!
W-Well...
Why, you...!
If you hadn't circumvented me,
we wouldn't be in this situatio!
You'll pay for this!
You miserable fools!
Freeza!
Now you have done it. All of yo.
You have shattered my dreams
of gaining immortality.
I am not reading the Ginyu Spec.
Ribbit! Ribbit...! Ribbit...!
Did you people kill them?
I truly must say... you little .
Are you ready to pay the price?
I have to say,
having the Dragon Balls turn
to stone at the last moment...
...is a shame for Vegeta- san ,
but even more so for myself.
This is the first time any fool
has disrespected me this much.
I had no idea things would turn.
Y-You'll pay for this...!
I swear you'll pay for this, yo!
I'll kill you, slowly and surel!
Not a single one of you is
getting away! Say your prayers!
You've finally shown your true ?
Go ahead and try it!
If you think I'll be defeated tt
easily, you're gravely mistaken!
Of all the things you might hav.
It seems you've forgotten
how terrifying I can be.
Let me remind you.
I-It can't be!
T-To think he'd be this dreadfu!
Freeza is burning with fury!
Will Goku be back in time
for this greatest of all crises?
The fearsome battle now begins!
Heya! I'm Goku!
An evil Ki just shot up all at .
Has Freeza finally gone into ac?
You have insulted me to this ex,
so now I will pay you back,
in full. Watch closely, now.
I will give you a taste of hell.
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
"A Nightmarish Transformation!
Freeza at Battle Power 1,000,00"
Piccolo-san, where are you?